So here’s my _*demonstration*_ to #endthewaronemail that I didn’t have a chance to do at CSE sync:
Some questions: Are there any data that email is broken?
Are we gathering any data on whether Slack is better or worse?
Why are we doing this by fiat instead a thoughtful experiment?
.
Further why are we attempting to do this at the very same time that
we’re just establishing patterns of how to use the tool at all, let alone as a 'replacement' for email.
I suspect we would never advise our customer to rollout Chef on their teams the way
Slack is being rolledout here: “All of you stop using sshpuppetlogic now! You must use Chef now instead!"
But those are ephemeral concerns.
.
Here are some fears (myths?) that I have around Slack in the long term 
- People will disconnect so they can focus, so that a synchronous tool will become async — and
then we can’t reach them when we need them _now_, OR
(corollary), they’ll be so attached to chats that we’ll be more interrupted, less focussed
- People who are not in the same time zones will be severely disadvantaged in keeping up information
- Overreliance on short-format comms results in ‘systems 1’ thinking, and poor decision-making
- Since there’s no equivalent to ‘Inbox 0’ in Slack, and no way to
differentiate conversational threads, people (speaking for myself perhaps)
will read only what seems most current, as with Twitter, and we'll have great gaps in what one should know.
.
Email gets unfair blame: 
Emails sucks not because the medium sucks, but because the important ones are cognitively demanding. Slack 
won't make that go away, it'll just bury the problem in busyness. I suspect.
You’ll always hate what ever tool is queueing up stuff that is ‘hard’ i.e.. cognitively demanding
.
Lastly, reading a conversation in real-time, if there’s any real content to it,
is going to take a lot longer than to read and digest
a message that is written in advance, and queue up for you
to read at your leisure.
For example, how long would it have taken you to read all this?
If it had been sent as an email message instead of a real-time series of thoughts?
I know for a fact that it took you 6 minutes, in real-time,
since that’s what I _programmed_ it to do, 
when you could have read it in 1/8th that time as an email.
Sorry to take up your time, but a live demo is worth a thousand words
